Can't find a ref man for the flipPlots packages

It's from a a group called DisplayR seemingly connected to Posit aka. rstudio aka. HW

so here it is

SankeyDiagram   R Documentation
Sankey Diagram
Description
Creates a sankey diagram of the relationship between different variables.

Usage
SankeyDiagram(
  data = NULL,
  links.and.nodes = NULL,
  output.data.only = FALSE,
  max.categories = 8,
  subset = NULL,
  weights = NULL,
  font.size = 12,
  font.family = "Times New Roman",
  font.unit = "px",
  colors = NULL,
  link.color = c("None", "Source", "Target", "First variable", "Last variable")[1],
  variables.share.values = FALSE,
  label.show.varname = TRUE,
  label.max.length = 100,
  label.show.counts = FALSE,
  label.show.percentages = FALSE,
  node.position.automatic = TRUE,
  node.width = 30,
  node.padding = 10,
  sinks.right = TRUE,
  hovertext.show.percentages = FALSE)

Arguments

data    
A data.frame of variables.

links.and.nodes 
Input a list structure from a previous call of SankeyDiagram with output.data.only = TRUE.

output.data.only    
Only outputs the link and node structure without printing the sankey diagram.

max.categories  
When the number of unique values of numeric data exceeds this value, the variable is quantized.

subset  
An optional vector specifying a subset of observations to be used in the fitting process.

weights 
An optional vector of weights. If not provided, the width of the links is proportional to the number of rows in the data frame that correspond to the path (flow).

font.size   
Font size of node labels.

font.family 
Font family of node labels.

font.unit   
One of "px" of "pt". By default all font sizes are specified in terms of pixels ("px"). But changing this to "pt" will mean that the font sizes will be in terms points ("pt"), which will be consistent with font sizes in text boxes.

colors  
Colors of the nodes, supplied as a vector of hex colors.

link.color  
One of "None", "Source", "Target", "First variable", "Last variable". This specifies whether the links are shown in grey (None); the same color as the source node; the same color as the target node; or the same color as node in the first or last variable.

variables.share.values  
If TRUE, and link.color = "Source" or "Target", then the same set colors will be used for each variable.

label.show.varname  
Show variable name in node label.

label.max.length    
Maximum number of characters in each node label.

label.show.counts   
Append count data to node labels.

label.show.percentages  
Append percentages to node labels.

node.position.automatic 
Position nodes automatically to reduce the number of overlapping links. This is turned on by default, and when turned off the nodes will be positioned in order they are given in the data.

node.width  
Width of the width.

node.padding    
Vertical space between nodes.

sinks.right 
Logical indicating whether to move the last nodes to the right border of the plot.

hovertext.show.percentages  
Show percentages instead of counts in the hovertext.

Details
Text variables are grouped as having text or not having text. To see patterns with text variables, they should first be turned into factors.

Value
A sankey diagram (HTMLwidget).
